hello to all and hello to all and to
kiev or trick that an easy word and we get
found today for a new
video so a video a bit special so
i'm going to talk about a cam trick so
a kama trick that you will be able to
do from the start, ie with
1000 range to about you will be able
start so I would say it's even
the first tip that you go
can do on the game starting
the game on a new server by
example so we will be interested in
so familiar to families and therefore to
several families and so I can you
quote the names now so I 'll you
already study the principle I you
will show how to optimize this
technique increases its insert
to be interested in forgiving the ghosts of
familiar with family and by bompas
moutier so that's what you can
see present the ghost of shakira will be
sold 4487 kama and boxing ghosts
have sold about 4000 kama so in
average of which we will be interested in these
its 50 ohms so here are fifty years
because these are the families who
cost the least to buy
we can see that the block is even
not 1000 camara including 4000 kama and 400
km own gifts and that the cat is getting
found at 790 kamano about 800 cases me
often these misses milan so really
often because people form
a lot of duplicate drops or suddenly
wholesale master all the same yeah that's
that I think we get like that in
in short we are more how to become one
what will you incite while hd go
so the technique at my will build up in
made to sweat the families and you go
buy so we will kill these five
familiar
so the goal is of course there is a
family 10 points 10 years so that's it
would be nice it exists also in real to
imagine your dog with 10 points 10
finally good so your soul there will be ten
empty points we will have to go the most
quickly possible 10.10 in order to kill
so we kill him years we will go from one
camaro cha cha mission at 4500 kama so
we will multiply by about five
its selling price is the same for the bob
at 4 nikam has and we will not buy it
unlikely 2,400 cases so why me
advance family simply that it is
feed the dragons and no I will say
the dragonnades excuse me the
familiar , for example, I drag my
family we are already what am I stupid
happy dragon fight
so we can see present the last
ghost meal cha cha you can
also see with last meal
ghost of wood that
good player who has had
food unknown to the known human here
for seems a ghost of beautiful abs
so people buy them for
feed and so as a result this video
you can also either for example
a breeding of pets is the resales
so what are we going to do so for x
against by five their price even by ten
for the arms so I'm going to buy a
small water tank for example
here is a little Bordeaux
and a cat here are two women there are
so I paid 400 kama and 590 case me
so people when they want to buy
ghost they will take the cheapest we
it's useless in front of researchers in
especially they are no better than the
painted wood hookups people them
here it is
it does not necessarily spoil on that but I have
just wanted to see something if the
changeable food the effects of the
dragodinde them their lawyers decidedly
the effects of the dhr at the end photo mh
two blocks no frankly here is
so who will buy it really the least
so dear for that I'm going to kill myself
several times
so I kill myself near the phoenix them from here
like that then I'll show you the
card with all the phoenixes and we can
a little bit about the phoenix the
closer and the furniture and the more the
I do not want to say the words
the closest to the phoenix in order to
resurrect not far from power
chase down and win
easily and therefore easily kill
our families and so well in a few
seconds
with zero energy so we're back
after a few minutes
so here I saw that I have more
of energy so I have a thousand of energy
inevitably fight I want to die so
jean monnet right now so I
reappear and so I'm going to be in
Game Ghost not immediately reappear
to the phoenix because I 'm going to show you
two three little things first so
you can see it on the map ago
full of bluefin tuna
so that corresponds to the phoenix so what
is going to be good is that
there will be mof on some felix on
the same map so as for example here at
astruc so we'll be able to chain
fighting on the same map with the phoenix
right next door so no need to walk
nothing at all and so we'll do it at this
trick because of course it's a
bl technical where that's not true a
beautiful you can do it to you
but from 515 months to
to have four thousand five hundred it's
rather a technique bl so I wanted to
to specify a super good thing is that
a fight that is launched on a map
but that is not won is going
automatically reappear and up
infinity until he is beaten on
fight and we did what they did to us
allow to chain on a single
fight and without having latency
so without having to wait
so we will be able to follow quickly
and I will of course make a
live demo for that i
expected
I bought sorry I bought a cat
who has 10 points 10
so I 'll reappear quietly
and we will kill him together so in fact
I simply timed via
my phone
how long have I removed the ten
shass views of forgiveness
that the ten points of life is the
maximum that finally millet not see and that
you will rarely have family is 10.10
in hd go because people swat it
have already kept either one already fought
with or whatsoever or wishing
keep in bank and long gloves by
after that there will almost never be said
point of view as you saw before
to buy the first tanks I
did not have 10.26 I even had to pay
more expensive to have jackfruit 10.26 so
I started the fight I put my cat
who said 10 points and I run
the stopwatch is here we go
we're going to chain fight so there you
put your fingers on a center and help
you make my year done twice
return
but not too fast or it the
will not do better than you are liberal 30
and you do it again so I 'll see
explain if it was not very clear
bogans it's the fight makes you
give up even in preparation phase
you are back once
3 it does not work it does not matter
chains
so here is ours soul there are already nine
points of life abandoned here you
to make your weapon here so in fact the
full it's you first do yes and
then everything is ok and you will arrive
quickly at home redo this is a
mentionned
at some point you do you hui
wait for you to come in
and you talk to us in meeting a
sometimes that's it
So here abandoned
very et cetera or really fighting
risk so directly do not know if
it's all the time the same but I have
the impression
so here's entries whose familiar
four life
so we will finish that quickly abandoned
8 entries here where the fight puts that
a few seconds to rispal gentlemen
fight layec on service bad it's
just that makes them say my opinion
take into account that the fight not been
managed and so who can put it back
so here's the fights respawn
just wait a few short seconds
but here with two fights you can
chain it quickly just do not have
how many media info points are there
so a logical point
you will see that the unfamiliar is going
to feed here so abandoned so as
I said yes then you press
Entrance
quickly you can do it
encompobe proves that I could but familiar
next to me in my resources
I have a ghost cha cha so here
the ghosts and we asked pardon for
name we put it a minute 45
so a minute 45 for 46 I even believe
a 40 56 to kill so to do four
thousand kama you can click beautiful
it's really good knowing that they are going
really are selling fast and
easily
so I'm repeating enough the four blocks and
the ghost of researchers who are going
to sell
super good so I put it too windy
ghost of familiar ghosts did not look
so that's 4450 cases my voice there and so
that she will go away easily
so I hope it was helpful so
really you can close this
technique has a lot a lot of
familiar and I hope she
will please you
if you have comments do not hesitate
not to share them and I tell you to
very soon